README.md, before:

# Tech Review

## Topic

Review of a variety of different approaches to Controversy Detection, like Unsupervised Explainable Controversy Detection, Probabilistic Approaches to Controversy Detection, etc

## References

 - [Unsupervised Explainable Controversy Detection from Online News](https://people.cs.umass.edu/~youngwookim/assets/pdf/ecir2019.pdf)
 - [Improved and Robust Controversy Detection in General Web Pages Using Semantic Approaches under Large Scale Conditions](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00382.pdf)
 - [Measuring Controversy in Social Networks through NLP](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1007/978-3-030-59212-7_14)
 - [Measuring Controversy in Social Networks through NLP (Presentation)](https://www.cs.ucf.edu/spire2020/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Measuring-Controversy-in-Social-Networks-through-NLP-PRESENTATION.pdf)
 - [Probabilistic Approaches to Controversy Detection](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/2983323.2983911)
 - [Improving Automated Controversy Detection on the Web](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/2911451.2914764)

## Prompt

Please enter your topics [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hWAyxd82FcitN9eG3yMW6ckq6l1VASBtYWpaPbywMPc/edit?usp=sharing) by Week 8 (Oct 17). You may choose a topic already chosen by other students (e.g. Survey of text mining toolkits) but please make sure that your review covers something novel that is not available online or in other students' submissions. The "description" column in the sign up sheet should help identify whether your review is unique or not. So, please read the desciptions of other students who've chosen a similar topic as you. You should also provide sufficient details in your description to help others decide.


Some sample topics have been provided [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yeKm8hJbyRGhiUDvZv9-S3Zzu5hDtET-O6Yeci-VPOs/edit?usp=sharing). You are free to use them or come up with your own topics!

## Due: Nov 6th, 2022 at 11:59 pm CST

Commit message:

updating readme with bibliography
adding a more official references section to my readme. also
trying to upload my tech review pdf but...its not working...?

README.md, after:

# Tech Review: Controversy Detection

## Topic

Review of a variety of different approaches to Controversy Detection, like Unsupervised Explainable Controversy Detection, Probabilistic Approaches to Controversy Detection, etc

## Initial References

 - [Unsupervised Explainable Controversy Detection from Online News](https://people.cs.umass.edu/~youngwookim/assets/pdf/ecir2019.pdf)
 - [Improved and Robust Controversy Detection in General Web Pages Using Semantic Approaches under Large Scale Conditions](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00382.pdf)
 - [Measuring Controversy in Social Networks through NLP](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1007/978-3-030-59212-7_14)
 - [Measuring Controversy in Social Networks through NLP (Presentation)](https://www.cs.ucf.edu/spire2020/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Measuring-Controversy-in-Social-Networks-through-NLP-PRESENTATION.pdf)
 - [Probabilistic Approaches to Controversy Detection](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/2983323.2983911)
 - [Improving Automated Controversy Detection on the Web](https://dl.acm.org/doi/pdf/10.1145/2911451.2914764)

## Bibliography

 1. Linmans, Jasper, Bob van de Velde, and Evangelos Kanoulas. "Improved and robust controversy detection in general web pages using semantic approaches under large scale conditions." Proceedings of the 27th ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management. 2018.
 2. Kim, Youngwoo, and James Allan. "Unsupervised explainable controversy detection from online news." European Conference on Information Retrieval. Springer, Cham, 2019.
 3.  Zarate, Juan Manuel Ortiz de, et al. "Measuring controversy in social networks through nlp." International Symposium on String Processing and Information Retrieval. Springer, Cham, 2020.
 4. Garimella, Kiran, et al. "Quantifying controversy on social media." ACM Transactions on Social Computing 1.1 (2018): 1-27.

## Prompt

Please enter your topics [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hWAyxd82FcitN9eG3yMW6ckq6l1VASBtYWpaPbywMPc/edit?usp=sharing) by Week 8 (Oct 17). You may choose a topic already chosen by other students (e.g. Survey of text mining toolkits) but please make sure that your review covers something novel that is not available online or in other students' submissions. The "description" column in the sign up sheet should help identify whether your review is unique or not. So, please read the desciptions of other students who've chosen a similar topic as you. You should also provide sufficient details in your description to help others decide.


Some sample topics have been provided [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yeKm8hJbyRGhiUDvZv9-S3Zzu5hDtET-O6Yeci-VPOs/edit?usp=sharing). You are free to use them or come up with your own topics!

## Due: Nov 6th, 2022 at 11:59 pm CST
